README.markdown, before:

crm_di_contacts
===============

Overview
--------

For the moment this plugin simply acts as a test harness for the [crm_di_core][4] plugin for [Fat Free CRM][2], adding a contact type and subtype to the *contact* model, using the *lookup* functionality in the core module.

This demonstrates the use of the *lookup* admin functionality to maintain cascading dropdown list values, integration of the lookup cache to reduce round trips to the database and the ease with which interacting controls can be added to forms using Fat Free view hooks.

The final target version will add further functionality to allow more flexible contact (and account) associations:


* Multiple associations between contacts, accounts and other models. For example, allowing several contacts, potentially associated with different accounts to be linked to an opportunity with specific roles such as 'influencer', 'decision maker', 'implementation partner'. 
* Allowing these links to extend the list of related opportunities/leads etc. displayed for each contact/account.
* Allowing these relationships to be n-tier, for example allowing 'head office', 'regional office', 'branch' relationships to be maintained for accounts, with the ability to roll-up data such as opportunities for higher tiers while storing the opportunity at the lowest tier.


Installation
------------

From the root of your Fat Free CRM installation run:

> `./script/plugin install [source]`

Where [source] can be, according to your needs, one of:

> SSH:
>    `git@github.com:jdowson/crm_di_contacts.git`
>
> Git: 
>    `git://github.com/jdowson/crm_di_contacts.git`
>
> HTTP:
>    `https://jdowson@github.com/jdowson/crm_di_contacts.git`

The database migrations required for the plug can be installed with the following command:

> `rake db:migrate:plugin NAME=crm_di_contacts`

...that can be run from the Fat Free CRM installation root.


Sample Data
-----------

Sample *contact type* and *contact subtype* lookup fields may be created using the following *rake* command:

> `rake crm:di:contacts:setup`
`
These fields initially contain no lookup values. Sample values can be installed with the following *rake* command:

> `rake crm:di:contacts:demo`

These commands respond to the usual rake environment options, such as `RAILS_ENV=test`.


Tests
-----

See the *readme* for the [crm_di_core][4] repository for general comments on tests.


Copyright (c) 2010 [Delta Indigo Ltd.][1], released under the MIT license

[1]: http://www.deltindigo.com/                 "Delta Indigo"
[2]: http://www.fatfreecrm.com/                 "Fat Free CRM"
[3]: http://www.github.com/                     "github"
[4]: https://github.com/jdowson/crm_di_core     "crm_di_core"

Commit message:

Initial plugin framework completed, including migration.

README.markdown, after:

crm_di_tasks
============

** THIS MODULE IS UNDER DEVELOPMENT AND CANNOT BE USEFULLY INSTALLED AT THE PRESENT TIME **

Overview
--------

For the moment this plugin simply acts as a test harness for the [crm_di_core][4] plugin for [Fat Free CRM][2], adding the following attributes to the *task* model:

* **task_text** - A longer description for the task
* **outcome_type_id** - A mandatory code (with default) to record the successful completion of the task from a **lookup** list. The list cascades from the task **category** to allow different outcomes per category.
* **outcome_sub_type_id** - An optional code to record further status information on the completion of the task from a **lookup** list. The list cascades from the task **outcome_type_id** to allow different outcomes per category.
* **outcome_text** - A field to allow the user to add notes relating to the outcome of the task.

**task_text** will be availible at all times on the task edit form, while the other fields will only be visible on a completed task. 

The outcome related fields will only be visible on task lists (except outcome_text) and the edit form once the task is marked is complete. 
The opportunity to complete the outcome fields will also be provided in a pop-up box when the task is completed.


Installation
------------

From the root of your Fat Free CRM installation run:

> `./script/plugin install [source]`

Where [source] can be, according to your needs, one of:

> SSH:
>    `git@github.com:jdowson/crm_di_tasks.git`
>
> Git: 
>    `git://github.com/jdowson/crm_di_tasks.git`
>
> HTTP:
>    `https://jdowson@github.com/jdowson/crm_di_tasks.git`

The database migrations required for the plug can be installed with the following command:

> `rake db:migrate:plugin NAME=crm_di_tasks`

...that can be run from the Fat Free CRM installation root.


Sample Data
-----------

Sample *task.category*, *task.category.outcometype* and *task.category.outcometype.subtype* lookup fields may be created using the following *rake* command:

> `rake crm:di:tasks:setup`

These fields initially contain no lookup values. Sample values can be installed with the following *rake* command:

> `rake crm:di:tasks:demo`

These commands respond to the usual rake environment options, such as `RAILS_ENV=test`.


Tests
-----

See the *readme* for the [crm_di_core][4] repository for general comments on tests.


Copyright (c) 2010 [Delta Indigo Ltd.][1], released under the MIT license

[1]: http://www.deltindigo.com/                 "Delta Indigo"
[2]: http://www.fatfreecrm.com/                 "Fat Free CRM"
[3]: http://www.github.com/                     "github"
[4]: https://github.com/jdowson/crm_di_core     "crm_di_core"
